add agent docs (#173)
datawire/ambassador-chart: README.md

| `servicePreview.trafficAgent.port`                 | Traffic-agent listening port number when injected with ambassador-injector                                                                                               | `9900`                                                                                              |
| `servicePreview.trafficAgent.serviceAccountName`   | Label Selector for Prometheus to find ServiceMonitors                                                                                                                    | `traffic-agent`                                                                                     |
| `servicePreview.trafficAgent.singleNamespace`      | If `true`, installs the traffic-agent ServiceAccount and Role in the current installation namespace; Otherwise uses a global ClusterRole applied to every ServiceAccount | `true`                                                                                              |

> | `agent.enabled`                                    | If `true`, installs the ambassador-agent ServiceAccount and Cluster Role in the ambassador namespace                                                                     | `true`                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `agent.enabled`                                    | If `true`, installs the ambassador-agent Deployment, ServiceAccount and ClusterRole in the ambassador namespace                                                                     | `true`                                                                                              |
```
